---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-06T11:07:08.760Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-06T10:53:25.551Z'
title: Details
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-06-details.md
published: true
url: details/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Details
Title: Starlight Survey - A new directionResponse as of: Jan 2, 2016 9:22 pm

Your character name is...What RP events stick in your mind as the most enjoyable ones you've been involved in, either within or outside Starlight? What did you enjoy about them?Is there any kind of RP you prefer to avoid?What kind of RP would you like Starlight to focus on right now? You can tick multiple options.CommentsWhat sort of characters would you like to see in Starlight?How would you set about recruiting such characters?Where would you like to see the officers putting their time/energy?In a couple of sentences, describe your ideal Starlight, as if you were talking to a potential recruit.Final thoughts?

LyliethI've enjoyed small story plots in the past and adventures. Like when in Redemptio Coronae traveling to the likes of Siltithus and the such and i enjoyed the caravan going out to Uldum. (Even if in the end there was a cancelled event.)I'd like to keep away from the Embrace style rp. I.e us having to deal with them again. It'd be nice to have enemies but i don't think it'd be fun again to be hunted like last time.Putting on events, Travel/exploration, Horror/dark, Investigation/problem-solving, Action orientedWhen putting on events. i think people should be encouraged to plan and plot story lines. Especially story line developments for characters (Personal quests as they call them in games with companions.)I'd like to see a mix up of personalities. Strong and weak, Experienced and inexperienced in some ways. Old and young. I guess i'd love to see contrastsPersonally i'd consider 'scouting' potential people out and encourage people to do the same. When such people are found it should be encouraged for people to meet up and converse with these people.Though I understand it is not easy. I'd like to see a little more presence from officers if possible and a possible increase of officers or 'acting officers'. As for energy i'd like to see officers on the ground (i.e In character and in person) a bit more outside of guild meetings (Again I understand with RL this isn't always possible)Starlight is a family, Clan, Confederacy. It's a gathering of people that, even though they've walked different paths in life, they're all connected to the betterment of each other.\\o/ -\_- \\o/ Rock and roll fother muckers!

TuskhiraSocial events with a purpose or for a reason. (Training in some circumstances also qualifies.)Anything mandatory. 
As Hira is an alt and not my main, I feel my opinion is less required.
I do the RP I want to do, with or without the guild.Rivalry/conflict/battle of wits with other guildsIt's always more fun to play with others, but only when there's someone trustworthy to play 'with'/'against'.Interesting ones who are played by nice folks, and who play well with others.Word of mouth. RP in the world and see who is interested in joining naturally.Guiding the guild and having time to enjoy playing their own characters actively in the guild too. Being present. (When RL allows, of course)An RP family - with bickering, pals, loves and dislikes - but who all can count on the others to always have their backs when needed. 
OOC - people who know how to push your buttons, but who don't.Starlight is and always will be a special group to me. I know it would be special to others too. However, I've had very little time this year, & due to personal issues, have not had the energy or time to WoW or RP. I am uncertain if 2016 will prove differently. If so, I'd like to give more time to the guild, but only if I can feel Hira at the time. 
I think RP on WoW has changed fundamentally. Most are spending less time playing, so that time should be spent not in meetings but in RP & fun.

KeillPrearranged events i.e. Relying less on spontaneous reactions, having an idea of how things may unfoldno answerPutting on events, Travel/exploration, Investigation/problem-solvingOnes who have their own opinions but also listen to others! Non-destructive personalities.Interviews are fine but rarely gives a proper insight to the character. I'd prefer a system where there is less focus on the initial joining, more on conduct and attitude after joining. Maybe have a person who proposes a new member and someone else seconds it. Those 2 are then bound to show a bit more interest in the individual as they are the ones responsible for their joining.Overseeing in general but also keeping a focus on making sure everyone has their part to play in the guild.A guild where everyone works for each other and the emphasis is on making it feel like a group of friends and family rather than being regimental.I love Starlight!

ZarconThe sort of RP event I have enjoyed are ones that I did with Reike when we had our own guild, we did week long travel events with random and pre-planned RP most days, each travel event was like 1 arc of a story.events that come up cause one member is bored and wants some attention as to my experience they generally have poor story to themTravel/exploration, Diplomatic/collaboration with other guilds, Investigation/problem-solvingSome with perhaps a dark past, characters that have a rich background to them, some older characters, and some warlocksI would do things like random things, perhaps like drinking in a tavern and just randomly talk to people, and if I think both OOCly and ICly that they might suit Starlight, I would give them a nudge to look into itpersonal, to make sure the guild runs smoothly, other can do things like plan eventsOOCly: I would say it is a good guild that has a great background in RP and the RP community
ICly: it is a guild where everyone has your back, you are never alone, people are always willing to meet up to talk to have funI think sometimes we may need to look at what other guilds think of Starlight, as I know from what I have heard many guilds think that the guild stone is a bit meta as it can be used anywhere and from any distance, I think we may need to put a restriction on it, so like it has to touch the skin to work or something like that.

Victor BrigganHallows End story tellingCult RP, criminal RP,Putting on events, Diplomatic/collaboration with other guilds, Investigation/problem-solvingMore of the same as what we have. Close knit and friendly folkPerhaps an event staged to do one thing but could also be for potential recruitmentSimply getting better acquainted with members like they do.Close knit, good people that strive to do what's right by their morales.Enjoying the guild a lot. I feel Brigg fits in well here.

DevvyFinding the best water for the tea in Devvy's tearoom. With Shanura as taster. Because it was a small basic idea that everyone could expand on with couleur locale and lovely emotes. The 'event' itself was nothing more than Shanura drinking several glasses of water but it kept us nice and busy for a good time.The kind that leaves characters emotionally scarred beyond repair.Travel/exploration, Diplomatic/collaboration with other guildsAnyone that is not looking for internal conflict or provoking suchCasual RPAt the moment just be there. Due to everyone's RL it is quite rare to find them onlineIt is a spot where the most diverse characters manage to get along even if they have totally different views on the world and their place in it.

ReikeThe fights with the embrace, the balls.Drama, rape, mugging. Random mugging, random criminal RPPutting on events, Travel/exploration, Horror/dark, Diplomatic/collaboration with other guilds, Investigation/problem-solving, Action orientedI've put it on the SL forumAll the charaters which fit in the guild - a Noble person doesn't, neither does a criminal fit in SL.Be more actively recruiting, keeping up an recruitment thread on the forum, specify what exactly is SL.Being with the guild, interact more with the guild. Don't log on and say - I'm only here OOC. And tell people to get out of your faces if it gets too much. 
DELEGATE DELEGATE DELEGATE! 
Meaning, let others take over tasks, let them feel that they're actually contribuation to the guild.People respecting others decitions, even if they don't see eye to eye with it.Don't let this thing wait for too long, deal with it now I'd say. Otherwise the guild will die out too fast. Try and aim for an event at least once a month. Let people be part of it, let it start off with something there can blow people's mind, if you go for travel oriented RP, don't let people go back and forth even with RP, let it take place where it is for the event, there's nothing more disencuraging that people suddenly RP in SW, when they're meant to be in Barrens or somewhere else.

LovemayStarlight Winter Balls.
Short, 3-4 day events that involve IC travelling and exploration - With or without conflict. 
Casual character-orientated game nights.Very political RP.
Too much RP centred around one specific character or guildmember - People tend to get different levels of RP from it, and it all depends on how active that one particular member is or how much they're willing to give away. Short story arcs are fine, but I prefer that as a sort of 'Background' RP.Something else (specify below), Contests on the forum, Putting on events, Travel/exploration, Horror/dark, Rivalry/conflict/battle of wits with other guilds, Diplomatic/collaboration with other guilds, Investigation/problem-solving, Action orientedVery unhelpful specifics! I enjoy all these types of RP. Starlight seems to flourish best when it's RP is bouncing off another guild in either conflict or collaboration. A change of scenery with travel RP is also very refreshing. 
I really enjoy what I call 'Tea-drinking RP' - Tavern chats, idle chatter IC and establishing character's relationships with each other in a civvie setting, which Starlight has by the bucketload. Combine this with travelling ICly and I'm in heaven.Civlilian characters. Characters with established RP history, so Starlight isn't the only place they're getting their RP from - Starlight is a very laid-back sort of guild with no clear theme that a 'Noble house guild' or a 'Military' guild has, that gives the members free rein to do whatever they feel like in their spare time between planned events. A character relying solely on Starlight for RP might only log in for events and feel disconnected from the guild as a whole.Advertising ICly, possibly. By finding a character in a tavern already talking to folk or strolling through the city, you know they're comfortable making their own RP and logging in without a clear goal in mind. A brief chat IC to get a feel for the person's RP, and then ICly suggest they mail you a letter if they're still interested after a think. Normal recruitment from there.A few posts about the guild on public channels - The AA and the forums. Training another person or two with the power to handle interviews and recruitment.
Other problems will be solved when there's more officers. They have enough with weekly meetings and training and can't be expected to run any more events than that. Officers are relied on to make big IC decisions, so waiting for a meeting sometimes makes IC progress on things slow.Starlight a little more intergrated with AD as a whole - A face at public events, close relationships with other guilds, and plenty of characters bringing their own little quirks and IC skills and knowledge to the guild. A really nice mix of characters for more potential with events and personal plotlines.The poor officers are stretched thin! A lot of core members have got ridiculous work scedules. Would love to see a really big recruitment drive, with a few people chipping in with small events to keep new members interested. It'll have to be a very well co-ordinated effort, though. I'm optimistic.

TikalCombat trainings, Games nights, GM events.ERP!Travel/exploration, Rivalry/conflict/battle of wits with other guilds, Action orientedFun personalities.Meeting people through RPMaking sure they and the members have a good time being online and focusing on encouraging RPSomewhere safe and friendly for your adventures in Azeroth.
A family you can rely on.

ÍrenyaWinter balls, markets. Mixture of people, a lot to do, a lot of ways how to get involved.Constant attacks and long fightsPutting on events, Travel/exploration, Rivalry/conflict/battle of wits with other guilds, Diplomatic/collaboration with other guilds, Investigation/problem-solvingAny new ones! Generally ones which are not overpowered or overly mysterious.Events, events and events for public as well as taking rping out to locations common for RP. Helping out ICly if it comes to one on one actions and inviting people personally to any kind of event that we have or just out to the pub.Pulling the guild together - firm rules and policy as well as knowing each other´s roles, delegating tasks and duties so more old members get involved and have to rp, initiating contact with other guildsA friendly group of people who know each other and care for each other, they would help out with whatever needed to individuals as well as groups/other guilds. They act as one and stand by each other and no member of Starlight is left alone in need.We need to act soon, before we lose those few active people we have left. The time from decisions to actions must decrease.

Reyahd